What best describes your activity level yesterday?
When did you fall asleep last night?
When did you wake up today?
Pick the number that describes how difficult it was to complete your daily chores & duties yesterday:
Pick the number that describes how you felt yesterday:
Did you leave your house today (in the past 24 hours)?
How long (in hours) were you outside today (in the past 24 hours)?
Were you around people outside of your household today (in the past 24 hours)?
How many crowds (i.e. groups of 10 or more people) did you encounter today?
How long (in hours) were you in the same room as another person today (in the past 24 hours)?
How long (in hours) were you in the same house on the same floor, but not in the same room with another person (in the past 24 hours)?
Were you in the car with another person today (in the past 24 hours)?
How long (in hours) were in the a car with another person?
have a fever?
have muscle aches or pains?
have a cough?
have a stuffy nose or sniffles?
Are you sneezing more than usual?
Do you have a sore throat?
Do you have an ear ache?
Are you experiencing any shortness of breath or difficulty breathing?
Pick the number that describes how you felt yesterday:
Did you see the doctor today (in the past 24 hours)?
Did your doctor give you Tamiflu?
Did you take any over-the-counter medication for cold or flu symptoms today (in the past 24 hours)?
What medication did you take?
Did anyone besides you use this phone today? 
How  many times did someone use your phone today?
When did they use your phone?
How long did they hold it for (in minutes)?
Did you work out today?
Did you have your phone with you today?
How long were you separated from your phone (in hours)?
Please hold the phone in your hand and stay standing (still) for 30 seconds
Please hold the phone in your hand and walk for 30 seconds
Please hold the phone in your hand and lie down for 30 seconds
Please hold the phone in your hand and sit for 30 seconds
Did you skip any of the activities
Please tell us why you skip the selected activities
Please put the phone in your pocket and stay standing (still) for 30 seconds
Please put the phone in your pocket and walk for 30 seconds
Please put the phone in your pocket and lie down for 30 seconds
Please put the phone in your pocket and sit for 30 seconds
Did you skip any of the activities
Please tell us why you skip the selected activities
Please hold the phone in your hand and sit for 30 seconds
Please hold the phone in your hand and lie down for 30 seconds
Please hold the phone in your hand and walk for 30 seconds
Please hold the phone in your hand and stay standing (still) for 30 seconds
Did you skip any of the activities
Please tell us why you skip the selected activities
Please put the phone in your bag and sit for 30 seconds
Please put the phone in your bag and lie down for 30 seconds
Please put the phone in your bag and walk for 30 seconds
Please put the phone in your bag and stay standing (still) for 30 seconds
Did you skip any of the activities
Please tell us why you skip the selected activities